docs/Contact.md, before:

# Contact

This document provides contact information for Klipper.

## Discourse Forum

There is a
[Klipper Community Discourse server](https://community.klipper3d.org)
for "forum" style discussions on Klipper. Note that Discourse is not
Discord.

## Discord Chat

There is a Discord server dedicated to Klipper at:
[https://discord.klipper3d.org](https://discord.klipper3d.org). Note
that Discord is not Discourse.

This server is run by a community of Klipper enthusiasts dedicated to
discussions on Klipper. It allows users to chat with other users in
real-time.

## I have a question about Klipper

Many questions we receive are already answered in the
[Klipper documentation](Overview.md). Please be sure to to read the
documentation and follow the directions provided there.

It is also possible to search for similar questions in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

If you are interested in sharing your knowledge and experience with
other Klipper users then you can join the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat). Both are communities where
Klipper users can discuss Klipper with other users.

If you have a general question or are experiencing general printing
problems, then you may want to consider asking in a general
3d-printing forum or a forum dedicated to your printer hardware.

## I have a feature request

All new features require someone interested and able to implement that
feature. If you are interested in helping to implement or test a new
feature, you can search for ongoing developments in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum). There is also
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat) for discussions between
collaborators.

## Help! It doesn't work!

If you are experiencing problems we recommend you carefully read the
[Klipper documentation](Overview.md) and double check that all steps
were followed.

If you are experiencing a printing problem, then we recommend
carefully inspecting the printer hardware (all joints, wires, screws,
etc.) and verify nothing is abnormal. We find most printing problems
are not related to the Klipper software. If you do find a problem with
the printer hardware then you may also want to consider searching
general 3d-printing forums or forums dedicated to your printer
hardware.

It is also possible to search for similar issues in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

If you are interested in sharing your knowledge and experience with
other Klipper users then you can join the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat). Both are communities where
Klipper users can discuss Klipper with other users.

## I found a bug in the Klipper software

Klipper is an open-source project and we appreciate when collaborators
diagnose errors in the software.

Problems should be reported in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

There is important information that will be needed in order to fix a
bug. Please follow these steps:
1. Make sure you are running unmodified code from
   [https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper](https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper).
   If the code has been modified or is obtained from another source,
   then you should reproduce the problem on the unmodified code from
   [https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper](https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper)
   prior to reporting.
2. If possible, run an `M112` command immediately after the
   undesirable event occurs. This causes Klipper to go into a
   "shutdown state" and it will cause additional debugging information
   to be written to the log file.
3. Obtain the Klipper log file from the event. The log file has been
   engineered to answer common questions the Klipper developers have
   about the software and its environment (software version, hardware
   type, configuration, event timing, and hundreds of other
   questions).
   1. The Klipper log file is located in `/tmp/klippy.log` on the
      Klipper "host" computer (the Raspberry Pi).
   2. An "scp" or "sftp" utility is needed to copy this log file to
      your desktop computer. The "scp" utility comes standard with
      Linux and MacOS desktops. There are freely available scp
      utilities for other desktops (eg, WinSCP). If using a graphical
      scp utility that can not directly copy `/tmp/klippy.log` then
      repeatedly click on `..` or `parent folder` until you get to the
      root directory, click on the `tmp` folder, and then select the
      `klippy.log` file.
   3. Copy the log file to your desktop so that it can be attached to
      an issue report.
   4. Do not modify the log file in any way; do not provide a snippet
      of the log. Only the full unmodified log file provides the
      necessary information.
   5. It is a good idea to compress the log file with zip or gzip.
5. Open a new topic on the [Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum)
   and provide a clear description of the problem. Other Klipper
   contributors will need to understand what steps were taken, what
   the desired outcome was, and what outcome actually occurred. The
   compressed Klipper log file should be attached to that topic.

## I am making changes that I'd like to include in Klipper

Klipper is open-source software and we appreciate new contributions.

See the [CONTRIBUTING document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information.

There are several
[documents for developers](Overview.md#developer-documentation). If
you have questions on the code then you can also ask in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or on the
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat).

Commit message:

docs: Update Contact.md to note other common ways to obtain Klipper log file
Signed-off-by: Kevin O'Connor <kevin@koconnor.net>

docs/Contact.md, after:

# Contact

This document provides contact information for Klipper.

## Discourse Forum

There is a
[Klipper Community Discourse server](https://community.klipper3d.org)
for "forum" style discussions on Klipper. Note that Discourse is not
Discord.

## Discord Chat

There is a Discord server dedicated to Klipper at:
[https://discord.klipper3d.org](https://discord.klipper3d.org). Note
that Discord is not Discourse.

This server is run by a community of Klipper enthusiasts dedicated to
discussions on Klipper. It allows users to chat with other users in
real-time.

## I have a question about Klipper

Many questions we receive are already answered in the
[Klipper documentation](Overview.md). Please be sure to to read the
documentation and follow the directions provided there.

It is also possible to search for similar questions in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

If you are interested in sharing your knowledge and experience with
other Klipper users then you can join the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat). Both are communities where
Klipper users can discuss Klipper with other users.

If you have a general question or are experiencing general printing
problems, then you may want to consider asking in a general
3d-printing forum or a forum dedicated to your printer hardware.

## I have a feature request

All new features require someone interested and able to implement that
feature. If you are interested in helping to implement or test a new
feature, you can search for ongoing developments in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum). There is also
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat) for discussions between
collaborators.

## Help! It doesn't work!

If you are experiencing problems we recommend you carefully read the
[Klipper documentation](Overview.md) and double check that all steps
were followed.

If you are experiencing a printing problem, then we recommend
carefully inspecting the printer hardware (all joints, wires, screws,
etc.) and verify nothing is abnormal. We find most printing problems
are not related to the Klipper software. If you do find a problem with
the printer hardware then you may also want to consider searching
general 3d-printing forums or forums dedicated to your printer
hardware.

It is also possible to search for similar issues in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

If you are interested in sharing your knowledge and experience with
other Klipper users then you can join the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat). Both are communities where
Klipper users can discuss Klipper with other users.

## I found a bug in the Klipper software

Klipper is an open-source project and we appreciate when collaborators
diagnose errors in the software.

Problems should be reported in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum).

There is important information that will be needed in order to fix a
bug. Please follow these steps:
1. Make sure you are running unmodified code from
   [https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper](https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper).
   If the code has been modified or is obtained from another source,
   then you should reproduce the problem on the unmodified code from
   [https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper](https://github.com/Klipper3d/klipper)
   prior to reporting.
2. If possible, run an `M112` command immediately after the
   undesirable event occurs. This causes Klipper to go into a
   "shutdown state" and it will cause additional debugging information
   to be written to the log file.
3. Obtain the Klipper log file from the event. The log file has been
   engineered to answer common questions the Klipper developers have
   about the software and its environment (software version, hardware
   type, configuration, event timing, and hundreds of other
   questions).
   1. Dedicated Klipper web frontends have the ability to directly
      obtain the Klipper log file. It's the easiest way to obtain the
      log when using one of these interfaces. Otherwise, an "scp" or
      "sftp" utility is needed to copy the log file to your desktop
      computer. The "scp" utility comes standard with Linux and MacOS
      desktops. There are freely available scp utilities for other
      desktops (eg, WinSCP). The log file may be located in the
      `~/printer_data/logs/klippy.log` file (if using a graphical scp
      utility, look for the "printer_data" folder, then the "log"
      folder under that, then the `klippy.log` file). The log file may
      alternatively be located in the `/tmp/klippy.log` file (if using
      a graphical scp utility that can not directly copy
      `/tmp/klippy.log` then repeatedly click on `..` or
      "parent folder" until reaching the root directory, click on
      the `tmp` folder, and then select the `klippy.log` file).
   2. Copy the log file to your desktop so that it can be attached to
      an issue report.
   3. Do not modify the log file in any way; do not provide a snippet
      of the log. Only the full unmodified log file provides the
      necessary information.
   4. It is a good idea to compress the log file with zip or gzip.
5. Open a new topic on the [Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum)
   and provide a clear description of the problem. Other Klipper
   contributors will need to understand what steps were taken, what
   the desired outcome was, and what outcome actually occurred. The
   compressed Klipper log file should be attached to that topic.

## I am making changes that I'd like to include in Klipper

Klipper is open-source software and we appreciate new contributions.

See the [CONTRIBUTING document](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information.

There are several
[documents for developers](Overview.md#developer-documentation). If
you have questions on the code then you can also ask in the
[Klipper Discourse Forum](#discourse-forum) or on the
[Klipper Discord Chat](#discord-chat).
